Update TableBlock.R (#83)
insightsengineering/teal.reporter: NEWS.md

# teal.reporter 0.1.0.9003

> * add a support for the `ElementaryTree` class in the `append_table` method of `ReportCard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the `ElementaryTree` class in the `append_table` method of `ReportCard`.
```
